While Lightning does not lack for physical disparages as a rather small cat in a world of big predators, he keeps himself fit - it'd be difficult not to when you must paddle just to get out of camp. Cherishing the little things, they appreciate what offers some strong sense of control. 
 If only everything was accessible as merely putting your paws to the sand below. 

 No cat would label Lightningspark a control freak at first glance, maybe even not on their Nth sharing of prey. He flows with antics using an authentic yet oddly messy grace and will offer another cat the wheel if they're afforded the luxury. Their itch for charge manifests far deeper in the way he would speak to near any cat but not trust half those faces with his own pelt. Perhaps not even a shed claw. 
 Cynical in the privacy of his mind and capable of thinking the worst of even his own clanmates, being deputy offers him new stress but also.. some part of him can rest easier knowing Willowstar won't suffer any fates such as what Crowstar was capable of during their deputy era. 

 What some cats would call them out on is that he's eager; trigger happy that they may act before enduring any agony emotional or otherwise. Right and wrong simply do not register when he's existing in the heat of this spectrum. What remains important is the preservation of either his own stability or on an even higher podium, the safety of those he does adore. Although Lightning is not immune to regret intense as his actions.. there is sometimes even greater grief when he feels relieved that his world remains okay. 

 The lengths at which he goes for the people in his life are almost inevitable downfalls. Even when they've reached peak mental maturity, Lightningspark remains swayed at the very least by love's perspective and needless to say, these calls can devolve into trouble.
 
 A certain level of observation is required to detect his inner most weaknesses and yet, Dayclan might not label him as the most socially credible cat regardless. Infamous for how he can handle a border patrol, no amount of diffusion via humor or his trademark sweet stare can negate some murmurs including - but not limited to - the term Slut. In Gossipclan, one must have a thicker pelt than wagging tongues and Lightning may even claim some antics deemed judge worthy are true! 
 Just not in front of Willowstar.. Especially when some of those stories include commitment based sluttery over just shameless romps. 

 Other social slurs that get thrown Lightning's way by those who perhaps aren't his biggest fan - or just cannot appreciate his sometimes risky planning - are Dumbass and Hey Wait You Can't Do That.
