A haunted and simultaneously oblivious tom, Lightning may guess your innermost sorrows out with breathtaking coldness one moment before turning to extend the usual cheery tailwave. Almost blithe in their way of preferring the more amusing things in life, it's only in the recent year that cats would claim he's really begun thinking ahead - planning for some degree of future. Granted, Lightning might debate his dedication towards Dayclan has always been present or else he'd have ridden off into the sunset by now, no? And patrols are great at keeping paws busy! Idle paws make for busy minds and we don't want that.. 

 The thought of being alone with himself is worth several prickling hairs along his spine. Intense with his passions regardless of what they're being put into, when torrential emotions outweigh purpose Lightning's capable of raking his past decisions across coals. There's always worth in channeling his fire; passion for life in motion quite helpful in planning not only mice rich bounties but scenic quests through flowers in bloom.
 Unfortunately, this young Dayclan tom has been no stranger to some self-loathing in his lifetime and there's only so many fishing runs past sun-up. Those who know him well may even peg that harsh internal monologue as half the reason he performs absurd runs around their territory. Thoughts can be physically outrun; Lightning's proved it (or at least he'll argue as much). 

 Perhaps other things also help keep away the loneliness he so despises. Should anyone comment on how wanton Lightning throws himself around, they're seldom wrong. 

 A tom who feels struck by romance or one of its many branches quite easily and who fails to realize reckless actions always have consequences, dissolutions are often found in Lightning's fault. Not that he gazes much through this looking glass; catch him much more liable to believe someone else was just expecting too much. Of course he's not prepared for any litters or settling down! Lightning handles relationship commitment about as well as a bird stuck in tar. 
 At least his relationship towards Dayclan is not so flimsy. Then again, where would he be without them? Alone. 

 Still inquisitive, you could say Lightningspark has the universal goal of experiences. Life should include good dares and risks that either pay off or leave you wiser. Why yes, sometimes that does include sticking your face where it shouldn't be and gossiping with Willowstar afterward!
